TECHNICAL RECRUITER
 
Location: Bristol (Hybrid) | Type: Contract/Regular
 
About Newpage Solutions
Newpage Solutions is a global digital health innovation company helping people live longer, healthier lives. We partner with life sciences organizations—including pharmaceutical, biotech, and healthcare leaders—to build transformative AI and data-driven technologies addressing real-world health challenges.
 
From strategy and research to UX design and agile development, we deliver and validate impactful solutions using lean, human-centered practices.
 
We are proud to be Great Place to Work® certified for three consecutive years, hold a top Glassdoor rating, and were named among the "Top 50 Most Promising Healthcare Solution Providers" by CIOReview.
 
As a remote-first company, we foster creativity, continuous learning, and inclusivity, creating an environment where bold ideas thrive and make a measurable difference in people’s lives.
 
Newpage looks for candidates who are invested in long-term impact. Applications with a pattern of frequent job changes may not align with the values we prioritize.
 
Your Mission
We are Seeking a proactive Technical Recruiter (3–5 yrs exp) for IT hiring in Bristol. Must excel in staffing, technical (IT) recruitment, and global sourcing in UK & EU.
 
What You’ll Do
As an individual contributor role lead the end-to-end recruitment process for technical (IT) roles, including sourcing, screening, interviewing, and placement.
Develop a strong pipeline of candidates for various IT and technical roles, including AI developers, Forward Deployed Engineers, Leads, QA (automation + manual), Full Stack Developers, Technical/ Solution Architects, Data Engineers, DevOps specialists, Project Managers and more.
Collaborate closely with hiring managers to understand role requirements, technical skills needed, and team dynamics for effective candidate selection.
Manage and maintain job postings, track candidates, and ensure a seamless experience for both candidates and hiring managers.
Use innovative sourcing strategies to attract passive candidates and ensure a constant flow of talent.
Leverage your knowledge of technical roles to screen candidates for their technical expertise and cultural fit.
Engage in talent mapping to understand the competitive landscape and make strategic hiring decisions.
Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of candidates and recruitment activities in the applicant tracking system (ATS). Bonus points if you have Experience using Ceipal.
Meet or exceed staffing targets, deadlines, and performance metrics.
Experience in hiring for US or EU-based technical positions, bring your expertise to expand the scope of our recruitment efforts globally.
What You Bring
3 to 5 years of experience in Talent acquisition, with a focus on technical (IT) recruitment.
Strong hands-on experience in Sourcing resumes from available platforms from the market (paid & free platforms). Expert in conventional and non-conventional methods of sourcing.
Strong understanding of IT roles, technical skills, and the recruitment process for technology-focused positions.
Experience sourcing and recruiting for a variety of technical roles in the IT industry.
Proven experience in the UK & EU recruitment market is mandatory.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, high-demand environment.
Strong communication skills, with the ability to engage candidates and hiring managers effectively.
Familiarity with applicant tracking systems (ATS) and other recruitment tools.
Experience recruiting for the US/LATAM/Eastern EU markets and an understanding of the challenges and opportunities in global technical hiring.
Desired Skills:
In-depth knowledge of the IT job market and technical roles.
Ability to assess technical skills accurately through interviews and assessments.
Accountability
Strong organizational, time-management, and multitasking skills.
Problem-solving mindset with a focus on results.
Ability to foster strong relationships with candidates and hiring team
 
    What we offer
 
  At Newpage, we’re building a company that works smart and grows with agility—where driven individuals come together to do work that matters. We offer: 
A people-first culture – Supportive peers, open communication, and a strong sense of belonging.
Smart, purposeful collaboration – Work with talented colleagues to create technologies that solve meaningful business challenges.
Balance that lasts – We respect your time and support a healthy integration of work and life.
Room to grow – Opportunities for learning, leadership, and career development, shaped around you.
Meaningful rewards – Competitive compensation that recognizes both contribution and potential.
 
   Ready to apply?
 
Let’s build the future of health together. Apply below or reach out to Prashanth.mahalingam@newpage.io with any questions.
More about Newpage
Newpage is a digital health solutions company. We devote ourselves to advancing the quality of life by enhancing health and optimizing the longevity of people. We do this by, passionately building futuristic technologies for global organizations across the healthcare ecosystem. We partake at every stage from problem definition, strategy & service design, user research, UX design, and agile software development – utilizing lean practices to deliver and validate highly innovative digital health solutions that drive user value and business transformation.
Newpage is recognized by ‘CIO’s Review’ as “Top 50 Promising Healthcare Solution Providers” and Great Place to Work Certified (GPTW) 2023 & 2024.
